[FEATURE] Add S3-backed chunk store behind the ChunkStore interface (#465)
awslabs/graphrag-toolkit: docs-site/src/content/docs/lexical-graph/configuration.mdx

| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| `opensearch_engine` | OpenSearch kNN engine | `nmslib` | `OPENSEARCH_ENGINE` |

The following parameter controls where chunk text is stored:

| Parameter | Description | Default | Environment Variable |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |

> | `chunk_store` | Connection string for the store that holds chunk text (see [Chunk text storage](#chunk-text-storage)) | *None* | `CHUNK_STORE` |

Reviewer: does this scale to _other_ locations?  What if we want to use something like OpenSearch as the chunk_store, how do you envision that would work?

The `batch_writes_enabled` configuration parameter determines whether all of the indexable nodes derived from a batch of incoming chunks are written to the graph and vector stores singly, or as a bulk operation. Bulk/batch operations tend to improve the throughput of the build stage, at the expense of some additonal latency with regard to this data becoming available to query.

#### Chunk text storage

> By default, chunk text is stored as a `value` property on each `__Chunk__` node in the graph. That keeps everything in one place, but on a large corpus the text dominates graph memory, and every traversal that touches a chunk node carries it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, chunk text is stored as a `value` property on each `__Chunk__` node in the graph. That keeps everything in one place, but for more optimal storage, use the chunk_store option to store the text in an external source.
```

Author: Done

> Set `chunk_store` to move chunk text to S3 instead:

Reviewer: we should name this variable appropriately (it should have "S3" or "S3_uri" or "S3_arn" as part of the name of the variable.  For example: `chunk_store_s3_arn` to explicitly mention the type.

```python
GraphRAGConfig.chunk_store = 's3://my-bucket/chunks'
```

> The connection string takes an optional prefix and an optional `kmsKeyArn` query parameter. Objects are server-side encrypted with `AES256` by default, or with `aws:kms` when a key is supplied:

Reviewer: Provide an example with "an optional prefix".  It is optional?

Reviewer: Mention that parameters are separated with a "?"

> The connection string takes an optional prefix and an optional `kmsKeyArn` query parameter. Objects are server-side encrypted with `AES256` by default, or with `aws:kms` when a key is supplied:

Reviewer: > Objects are server-side encrypted with `AES256` by default

Is this defined on the S3 side?

```python
GraphRAGConfig.chunk_store = 's3://my-bucket/chunks?kmsKeyArn=arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:111122223333:key/1234abcd'
```

> Each chunk is written to a key derived from its chunk id, so reads never list the bucket. Reads that don't find a chunk in S3 fall back to the graph, which means text written before you set `chunk_store` is still returned. Existing graphs keep working with no migration step; chunks written from that point on go to S3.

Reviewer: By default, we should read from the graph (since S3 lookup is slower).  If the chunk is not specified, then it should look up the chuck_store reference (S3 in this case).

Author: Half agree. No stored reference exists to look up, keys derive from the chunk id. Graph-first wins during migration but costs a wasted query on every read forever after, and migration measured as the cheap end. Keeping S3-first with the fallback; we can revisit when a migration-heavy deployment shows up
